Translation corrections (#116)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/some_010.txt

//rそ、…そうだったの？　そういえば最近休み時間に、辞書やノートの貸し借りを千紗登ちゃんたちとやってるなぁ、って思ってたけど。…私、全然気づかなかった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そ、…そうだったの？　そういえば最近休み時間に、辞書やノートの貸し借りを千紗登ちゃんたちとやってるなぁ、って思ってたけど。…私、全然気づかなかった。",

> 			NULL, "Was... was that true? Come to think of it, I did notice he'd been giving and taking dictionaries and notebooks from Chisato-chan and Tamako-chan during breaks recently. ...But I didn't think anything of it", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Was... was that true? Come to think of it, I did notice he'd been giving and taking dictionaries and notebooks from Chisato-chan and Tamako-chan during breaks recently. ...But I didn't think anything of it.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#fda762>千紗登</color>", NULL, "<color=#fda762>Chisato</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s04/37/310300554", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「んで、このままじゃ進展なさそうだったし、",

> 			NULL, "\"So I figured that since it didn't look like things were gonna go any farther,", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"So I figured, since it didn't look like things were gonna go any farther on their own,", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#6f6599>珠子</color>", NULL, "<color=#6f6599>Tamako</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 38, "ps3/s04/38/310400214", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…にしても火薬量ちと多くない？」",

> 			NULL, "\"...You say that, but don't you think that wasn't exactly a lot of gunpowder?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...You say that, but don't you think you used was way too much gunpowder?\"", Line_Normal);
```
